Email from 2021-06-01

In our meeting this week, Dr. Ava and I were re-visiting our last
request to find the overlap of DA peaks in commonly regulated DE
genes. This was in response to the question you asked in the email
below. We think that the spreadsheets I sent you previously are not
really going to help us in finding the information we are looking
for, and we have put together new files for you to work with!

Attached are the following spreadsheets:

    DE gene lists - which contains:
	list of commonly regulated DE genes list of chondro-specific
	DE genes list of neuro-specific DE genes

    Temporal accessibility patterns for chondro peaks within 250 kb of
    a DE gene
	Cluster 1 Cluster 2 Cluster 3

    Temporal accessibility patterns for neuro peaks within 250 kb of a
    DE gene
	Cluster 1 Cluster 2 Cluster 3 Cluster 4 Cluster 5

The temporal accessibility patterns are indicated with an "Overall
Trend" where 27 is stable at all time point comparisons. If you filter
out peaks with an Overall Trend of 27, you will have only DA peaks
remaining.

We would like for you to use the DE gene lists provided to:

    1. Find overlap of DA peaks from neuro and chondro that are within
       250 kb of commonly regulated DE genes

	1. report % overlapping peaks
	2. report % overlapping peaks with matching temporal accessibility
	   patterns
	3. for each overlap report DA temporal accessibility patterns for
	   chondro and neuro

    2. Find overlap of DA peaks from neuro and chondro that are within
       250 kb of distinctly chondro DE genes

	1. report % overlapping peaks
	2. report % overlapping peaks with
	   matching temporal accessibility patterns
	3. for each overlap report DA temporal accessibility patterns for
	   chondro and neuro

    3. Find overlap of DA peaks from neuro and chondro that are within
       250 kb of distinctly neuro DE genes

	1. report % overlapping peaks
	2. report % overlapping peaks with
	   matching temporal accessibility patterns
	3. for each overlap report DA temporal accessibility patterns for
	   chondro and neuro
